# Welcome to the Antfarm Project
The Antfarm Project is an open source investigation into the social production practices of human beings. 

We leverage the vast resources and infrastructure of GitHub to create a virtual colony of interconnected units - individual GitHub accounts, which we call "social production pods" - which function as more than  the sum of its parts. We aim to test the [social production capacity] limits of the social production model

[picture]

## About the Investigators


## Elements of the experiment
1. Antfarm.io - The main platform through which we conduct our investigation. Also referred to as the colony.
2. Antfarm-project repository - This repository represents the colony itself, which is cooperatively maintained by all participants through the submission of pull requests. 
2. 

## How it works
By participating, you assume the role of both subject and investigator. In your role as subject, you agree to host your social production projects on the [Antfarm-io home account](github.com/antfarm-io/) and contribute to the maintenance of the colony by submitting pull requests on the Antfarm-project repository.

In your role as investigator, you glean insights from your local network (comprising your own projects and those you contribute to) and feed them back into the [main repository](github.com/antfarm-io/antfarm-project) to be leveraged toward the improvement of the colony (i.e. the main platform, antfarm-io.).

[diagram]

1. Connect your GitHub account to this one, becoming part of the colony.

Clone the Antfarm.io repository into your personal GitHub account. 

2. Add your social production projects' repositories to the Antfarm-io home account.

These projects and their associated project files serve as a living laboratory for the improvement of the colony. 

3. Data generated by your activity on these projects is collected and stored in the Insights tab of the Antfarm-io home account. 


## Inspiration
1. Bioengineering social insects
2. Peer-based Social Production, Yochai Benkler
3. Logic of Collective Action, Mancur Olsen
4. Governing the Commons, Eleanor Ostrom
5. Behavioral economics / choice architecture
6. Platform Cooperativism, Trebor Scholz
7. 


The Antfarm Project is the flagship project of [GoodLabs](), a a hub for commons-based peer production1 providing creators and contributors with a community, personalized online workspaces, and data-driven insights to help them better understand and improve upon their operations. for more information, visit [link]().
